welcome back dear doers exchanges of goods services and financial assets are the transactions at the heart of every
company recording them into your accounting allows you to keep track of all your company's activities to do so you want
to sort this transaction out into various accounts the nature and use of an account determines its type there are of
course several a type that exists and we're going to check them out now equity is basically what the company is worth it
includes the amount of funds contributed by the owners for example next up is fixed asset they represent the company's
long-term wealth like for example your car or your building liabilities are obligations from past events that the
company will have to pay in the future such as your vendor bills current assets they represent the company's short-term
wealth for example think of a customer invoice you just issued and that your client hasn't paid yet next up is banking
cash account they reflect the money that you have in your bank accounts or that you don't income accounts sum up all the
revenue your company has generated and finally expense accounts are all the cards that you have to support your business
like the goods you sell to your customers but also the coffee for your team or all the chocolates that you offer to your
customers or not all these accounts are listed in what we call the charter accounts you can think of it as the dna of
the company let's see together now how to implement this for my company pink cars we're going to check that in the other
database right now here we are guys in the other database let's jump right away in the accounting application from the
accounting dashboard we have multiple ways of accessing the chart of accounts either from the onboarding wizards here we
can review the chat of accounts or from the configuration menu where we can access it directly when we are in the chat
of accounts here we see the list of all the accounts uh more especially here for belgian uh belgian company so i have
updated the belgian localization directly which gives me all the accounts ready for belgium the first column is about
the code you know do the code is unique so basically you can't have two accounts with the same number in it that's not
possible from the list you can directly easily update it so if you want to change it into another another account
account code that's easy same for the the account name and for the type as well um if i want to see for example the
receivable accounts it's easy for me to group by account type and directly i see all the accounts listed and grouped by
account type so from the receivables here you see i have different ones i ever in urdu we don't need to create that many
accounts right yeah indeed you write kiara because basically you know do you have so many different tools enabling us to
filter the information and identify it easily without having to create so many accounts for example for receivable
accounts what happens is that uh i can have one receivable but through the contact forms i can easily filter out my
patent ledger or my age receivable thanks to the contacts i'm creating and do for my customers so one receivable but
multiple contacts forms you can see here in the receivable accounts that i have also activated the alarm reconciliation
feature it enables me to reconcile open items for this account with uh for example bank statement lines or new payments
i have registered in my database oh that's great so it means we can activate it in all accounts well it's not really a
good idea if you want to do so because if it happens basically uh you're gonna have all your open items all your open
journal items in the reconciliation interface which is not something that you want because there is no news in
reconciling everything so you only keep it for major major account types like receivables or payables let's say now that
i want to create a new account well my advice is always to create from an existing one so we're gonna duplicate an
account let's go for example in my income accounts so i can easily filter through the left filter side here i'm gonna go
within the account here and i'm gonna click on action and duplicate so automatically audio will assign to me a new code
that is unique and have the accounting account name copied so if i want here to see sales from le valence for example
and put an account code change it into 15. it's really easy for me to do so and i just have to save and my new account
is created okay what's also important with the accounts in ado is that based on the code or the type or the tags uh
we're gonna filter all these accounts into the legal report so depending on each country's uh accounting principle we're
gonna have have to create and adapt the chart of accounts depending on that criteria so for example for belgium we know
that the code is crucial into the legal report whereas for anglo-saxon countries like the us and the uk the type is
really important that's all for me in this video thank you for watching ciao tutti 