welcome bravo doers buckle up for this world journey as we explore accounting together i'm eva i'm a business analyst
here at todo and also an accounting expert in our company paying cars a great amount of employees time is spent handling
and counting activities thanks to do we have the opportunity to keep all accounting transactions and documents in the
same place which allows us to save a lot of time and avoid mistakes with other accounting we can be much more efficient
thanks to all the functionalities available in the software in addition there are a lot of integrations with the other
apps like sales or inventory which is even easier for us to get the right information from the other departments this
course will cover essential notions and configurations to help you set up your accounting in order you see here an
overview of the main topics we will see together in various videos what an exciting program we have frequently attached
helpful supporting materials to videos and you can access them through the links below those in the listview in the
documentation you'll find additional theoretical content and some frequently asked questions on our accounting topics
together with me you'll see some of my colleagues following the tutorials hi eva i'm happy to join this course so what
are the most important configurations to start my accounting in udo i'm very glad you asked this question kiara the bare
minimum to make sure your accounting app is ready to go live are based on three pillars the chart of accounts the
journals and the taxes if you have those three things properly configured you are ready to go for your first invoices
please note though that we can have additional configurations to make based on the other apps you might have in your
database let's have a look at what accounting looks like in our pincas database okay guys so here we are in audio
database let's go in the accounting application to see how it's constructed so here you arrive first in the accounting
dashboard and you already have some information available for you so we are in the kanban view so each box here
represents a journal in your accounting and above all we have also the onboarding within wizard available to help you
out to set up your accounting application so how come you already have some journals and some information in your
accounting app without having set up any configuration well that's because when you create your database and you have
chosen your country urdu will install the accounting localization package related to that country to access it you need
to go in the configuration menu and in the settings to know which localization package was uploaded so here the first
setup is for the fiscal localization and as you can see here my package is the belgian one since i'm in a belgian
company you can decide to install more packages if you want for example if you are in a multi-company environment and
you have companies from different countries you might need to of course upload a new package please note that this
feature will disappear if you have any journal entry created in the system even in draft it will disappear so make sure
you have the right localization ready before you go live with your accounting now let's go back to the dashboard to see
how it's built so as i was saying we have also here our different journals and you can see the different types super
easily so we have access to our customer invoices to our vendor bill to our bank statements so all in one place through
the onboarding wizard you have to configure all those before being ready to go live so first or do we want you to set up
your accounting period so make sure that the audio needs to know the last day of your fiscal year you have also the
possibility to update your chart of accounts so from here you have access to the chart of accounts from the localization
that was uploaded and you can change super easily as you can see uh like a fiscal year you can change whatever you want
change the names change the code like this super easily and save all you want and if you come by to the dashboard of
course here it will be validated also have the taxes and the bank account that you can synchronize all those steps uh
have been explained in other videos in the e-learning so don't hesitate to check those out to make sure that you don't
miss any configuration another thing that the localization will upload is also legal reporting from your country so here
for example here in belgium we have dedicated dedicated reports but for countries for which we don't have enough
information in the legal repos we also have generic statements for the balance sheet for the profit and loss and so on
so even if the localization package is not complete you will have legal reports available for you in the system that's
all for me in this video thank you for watching chatutti 